[DataGrid] Use `slotProps` to forward props to `.main` and `.root` elements (#15870)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-data-grid-v7/migration-data-grid-v7.md

These changes were done for consistency, improve stability and make room for new features.
Below are described the steps you need to make to migrate from v7 to v8.

### Props

- Passing additional props (like `data-*`, `aria-*`) directly on the Data Grid component is no longer supported. To pass the props, use `slotProps`.

>   - For `.root` element, use `slotProps.root`
>   - For `.main` or `role="grid"` element, use `slotProps.main`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For the `.root` element, use `slotProps.root`
  - For the `.main` element (the one with `role="grid"`), use `slotProps.main`
```
